 % \documentclass[a4paper, draft]{report}
\documentclass[a4paper, 10pt]{report}


\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage[margin=2.5cm]{geometry}
\usepackage{csquotes}
\usepackage{hyphenat}
\usepackage{biblatex}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{caption}
\usepackage{subfig}
\usepackage{textcomp}
\usepackage{gensymb}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}\usepackage{hyperref}
\usepackage{listings}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage{siunitx}
\usepackage{enumitem}
\usepackage[acronym]{glossaries}
\usepackage{tabularx}
\usepackage{xltabular}
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{tablefootnote}


\usepackage{tablefootnote}

% \usepackage[scale=1.0]{draftwatermark}

\addbibresource{biblio.bib}
\input{glossaries.tex}
\graphicspath{
    {img}
    {fundamentals/img}
    {methods/img}
    {results/img}
}
% \hyphenation{Mathe-matik wieder-gewinnen}

% use 1e-10 instead of 1 x 10^(-10)
\sisetup{output-exponent-marker=\ensuremath{\mathrm{e}}}



\title{Extension of the SA turbulence model for rough walls in ADflow}
\author{David Anderegg}

% Add Numbering to chapters
\makeatletter
\def\@makechapterhead#1{%
  \vspace*{50\p@}%
  {\parindent \z@ \raggedright \normalfont
    \interlinepenalty\@M
    \Huge\bfseries  \thechapter.\quad #1\par\nobreak
    \vskip 40\p@
  }}
\makeatother

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.1}



\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\setlength{\headheight}{34pt}

\renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0.5pt}
\renewcommand{\footrulewidth}{0.5pt}


\fancypagestyle{plain}{
    % header inputs
    \lhead{IMES}
    \chead{Extension of the SA turbulence model for rough walls in ADflow}
    \rhead{\includegraphics[width=1cm]{uni_header}}


    %footer inputs
    % \lfoot{Innosuisse 35172.1 IP-ENG}
    \cfoot{Page  \thepage}
    \rfoot{\today}
}
\pagestyle{plain}

\setlength{\parskip}{.25em}

\begin{document}
    \input{titlepage.tex}


    \begin{abstract}
      As the available computer power increases, Reynolds Averaged Navier Stokes
(RANS) based optimizations come more and more in reach. When performing such
high fidelity optimization, it is necessary to properly represent all flow
conditions. If one fails to do so, the optimizer might exploit effects that do
not exist in reality.

      This work extends the Spalart Allmaras (SA) turbulence model in the open
source CFD solver ADflow for rough walls with a modification originally proposed
by Boeing. ADflow is specialized in optimizations and thus uses the
\textit{adjoint method} to compute the gradients needed in an efficient manner.
To make the rough modification available for optimizations, the changes have
been differentiated using Automatic Differentiation (AD).

    For verification, the implementation is compared against theory, the open
source CFD solver SU2 and experimental data of a \textit{flat plate a zero
incidence} for various surface roughnesses. The modified gradients are verified
using the complex step method.

    The results show that the implementation under-predicts the effect of
roughness. But the predicted shape of the effect seems correct. The computed
gradients only match to a relative tolerance of \num{1e-7} compared to complex
step. A relative tolerance of less than \num{1e-8} would be desirable with the
methods employed.


    \end{abstract}

    \tableofcontents\clearpage


    \chapter{Introduction}
    \input{introduction/introduction.tex}

    \chapter{Theoretical Fundamentals}
    \input{fundamentals/fundamentals.tex}

    \chapter{Methods}
    \input{methods/methods.tex}


    \chapter{Results}
    \input{results/results.tex}


    \chapter{Conclusion}
    \input{conclusion/conclusion.tex}

    \listoffigures\clearpage
    \listoftables\clearpage


    \printbibliography

\end{document}
